# Readme
This folder contains all work on the Incomplete Maxwellian Velocity Distribution.

$$f_{IM}(v;\mu,\sigma,nu)=\frac{H(v-\nu)e^{-\frac{(v-\mu)^2}{\sigma^2}}}{\sqrt{\pi\sigma^2}\frac{1}{2}\left(1+\erf(\frac{\mu-\nu}{\sigma})\right)}$$

Parameters investigated: 
$\mu$ (mean of the corresponding complete gaussian, or location of peak)
$\sigma$ (standard deviation of the distribution or spread of the peak)
$\nu$ (cut off, distribution is 0 to the left of $v=\nu$)

*M (sharpness parameter, some methods are ill equiped to deal with discontinuities 
so we approximated with an erf function that aproaches a step function as M->inf)

1. Figs (Folder): Where all figures generated by the code are saved to.
2. BohmGross_IMax (.m): Outputs angular frequency, omega, of IMax distribution given k and parameters. One of the methods tested. "Bohm-Gross Method"
3. Global_Sens_Plots_from_Data_Instability (.m): Works with Mio output ~Q Dpn't know what this does with out Mio Q~
4. Global_Sensitivity_PIC_VP_Max_dispersion_rate_p5 (.m): The file sent to Mio I believe, Active Subspaces?
5. IncompleteMax_Disp_Using_Xie (.m): Outputs angular frequency omega of IMax distribution given k and parameters. 
Requires an inital guess. One of the methods tested. "Xie method"
6. IncompleteMax_level_curves_k (.asv): Makes level curve plots k vs omega, does not run currently? when did it become an .asv?
7. IncompleteMax_level_curves_nu (.asv): Makes level curve plots nu vs omega, does not run currently? when did it become an .asv?
8. Max_dielectric (.m): Bounds an omega guess for a set of parameters? Requires initial guess. Only for Gaussian and used to guess for small nu?
9. slurm_IMax_TestScript (.slurm): Organizes tasks for parallel computing
10. TestingDataIMax_P4_N100_var50_data (.mat): Auto runs? Not sure what this does different than TestScript_IMax
11. TestScript_Figs_IMax (.m): Plots level curves and percent error, plots random scatter plot of error in area around parameter point.
SAVES THE FIGURES TO THE FOLDER
12. TestScript_IMax (.m): Plots level curves and percent error, plots random scatter plot of error in area around parameter point.
13. Vlasov_1D_linearized_Steve_v4 (.m): Outputs omega from k and parameters (this methods uses M as a parameter), 
one of the methods tested "spectral method"
14. zetaf (.m): algebraic function used in various places
15. zetaph (.m): Calculates the general plasma dispersion function via Xie method, Used in IncompleteMax_Disp_Using_Xie to calculate omega.
